Kiki, I really don't want to divorce you.
You are so kind to me
I treat you like this
Hey, let's remarry
No wonder I could give such a heavy gift in the first place.
It turns out that he is the real lady
Impossible my mother said
My cousin is abroad
Didn't come back at all
You think you have climbed Xu Zhi
Invited a bunch of actors to act with you
Do you feel attached to the Shen family?
his mother
It's true.
It's really not Miss Gu's family
Exactly.
Gu Jinxi is a play directed and acted by himself today
Why did you marry into the rich family of Shen?
Rip it
Mom, please help me.
You are the Gu family lighter
You can't even drive me out.
I'll tell you what.
The Gu family won't let you go
Who dares to bully my Gu daughter?
Aunt, you don't know me anymore
Jinxi
Why did you come back?
Didn't you tell me that you are probably abroad?
How did that happen?
Have been abroad
She wasn't an aunt then
You sent an email saying that dad is not in good health
I just got back.
Then there was a car accident
He was saved by Yan Haochen
He's not there to save you.